-: Welcome back. In this lecture we are going to
do the Kubernetes manifest deployments now.
So let's go ahead and then deploy the stuff
whatever is presenting zero two cube manifest folder, right?
So please ensure that you are in
10 ECL elastic container restrain EKS directory and clear.
And I'm going to say Cube CTL apply hyphen F
and then zero to cube manifest folder, right?
So it's going to create our respect you deployment services
and then ingress.
So I'll say Cube CTL get paused, right?
It is going to do in a default only.
Okay, so my two cube ECR ports are running,
right? So I'll say
get SVC. So it should create a equivalent note port service.
That's good.
And then I'm also going to say get ingress, right?
So ingress you are also keen.
So we can go back to our browser
and management console and we'll go to E two, right?
So it should be getting provisioned right now.
So let me go to load balances.
And our load balancer is getting provision application
and it can verify the tag,
it should be easier ingress service.
And in listeners we'll have 40, 80 with the redirect.
And this one certificate associated
and slash star should go to the respective target group.
So let me open the target group
and it has the path as index start SGML whatever we provided
at the note port service level and in targets.
So it's getting registered.
Okay? So let's wait for a while to get the things
registered. So I'll go to target groups
and then refresh one more time and then see.
So it'll take a two to three minutes.
So let's wait for that.
In meantime we can go to route 53
and verify our DNS here, right?
So we should be ECR demo dot q1 cloud.com.
So if you go here, so q1 cloud.com and inside
that you should find ECR demo dot q1 cloud.com.
So this is also good.
So let's go back, go back and go back to target groups.
Refresh one more time and wait for it.
So let's refresh and then check one more time.
And these are healthy.
That looks good.
So one more check.
What we need to do is N look up, right NS look up
and easier demo dot Q1 cloud.com.
So it's resolving and it same means like this
ABDNS name
and this DNS name should have that same IPS right?
So which is nothing but ingress DNS name.
So 65 1 31 65, 1 31.
This looks good.
So now let's take this domain name and then go
to the browser and then say new tab and then
say st tp colon slash slash ecr demo dot q1 cloud.com.
So index start, TM alert is
at the root context automatically.
Ideally it should load, right?
So now we can see that.
Welcome to stack simplify AWS EKS Masterclass.
Inside that integration with ecs, ECR registry is completed.
And then we are able to access the
URL in the browser directly.
So this completes end to end demonstration of whatever EKSN
ESR.
So now what we are going to do is we are going to clean
up the manifest whatever we have created
because we really don't want to bond our cash
for this respect to load balancer URL primarily.
Okay, so I'm going to say Q ctl, delete hyphen F
and then zero two Q manifest.
So whatever we have created, everything will get deleted.
That's all, okay?
So let's crosscheck everything got deleted or not.
So if you go here
and then load balances and then refresh, it's gone.
Okay? So that's about it.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.